[cheering and screaming]
Oh, my goodness.
I love you too.
[screaming continues]
See you at the match on Sunday!
-You're too kind.
-[Stella] Sam!
-What's your relationship to Razmik Maier?
-Already did the presser.
My dad says you're too old
to win against Grishov.
Hope your pops didn't bet the house
or you'll be sleeping in a tent.
How are you so sure?
One word, my guy. Practice.
Are you working with the doctor?
Do you know who else he's working with?
-Sam!
-All right. Hey, hey.
-Thanks.
-You know who else he's working with?
-Sam.
-Hey.
[dramatic music playing]
She knows. That reporter.
I don't know how. It's only a matter
of time before everyone else does.
She's persistent, but unimportant.
What matters is you and the goals
you are close to accomplishing.
She is a reporter.
She's one reporter.
Everyone else thinks
you're aging like fine wine.
Aging like fine wine is fine for wine,
but when you're a pro,
-people ask questions.
-Let them.
You've never failed a drug test,
and with me,
you never will.
We've talked about this.
You know how uncomfortable it makes me.
Besides, I feel good.
I'm winning.
I want you to keep winning.
My dad is gonna be here any minute,
so you cannot be here.
I'm sure Ken's happy you made the finals.
He'll be even happier when you win.
Come. We have work to do.
Good.
Now close your eyes.
Visualize the match.
What you need to do to win.
To be the best there is.
The best there ever will be.
Sammy?
Sammy, it's Dad.
Yo, Sam!
[ominous music playing]
Come on, sleepyhead.
Up and at them.
[inaudible dialogue]
No!
Sam!
My boy.
What's this?
Proof that I'm innocent.
I took a blood test.
The lab misplaced the results.
I didn't wanna draw attention
by getting another,
so I couldn't confirm until now.
You were drugged.
GHB.
Explains why you can't remember.
Perfect drug to give someone you're trying
to frame for the perfect murder.
Yeah.
The homicide detective, Heber,
you show this to him?
I didn't. I can't.
Why not? This proves you're innocent.
Remember when you worked magic
on my service weapon
to make it look like
it wasn't used to kill Doug?
-We ran ballistics. We know the truth.
-But they don't. And they never will.
We were being watched.
[groans]
Coop, you gotta tell Heber.
Whoever killed Doug knows
that you tampered with evidence.
I know because he called me.
-What does he want?
-I don't know. He wants something.
Because I roped you and Charlene
into a cover up,
he thinks he's got the leverage
to get me to do it.
Any idea who it is?
None.
Only way to get us
out of the hole I've dug...
is to find out who he is
and prove what he's done.
Once we do that, then we go to the cops.
Where do we start?
[Mierce] Is everything all right?
Are you expecting a call?
This belonged to the man
who shot Elizabeth.
Why do you have it?
That night,
when everything was falling apart...
I guess muscle memory or instinct told me
to have a guy get it from the morgue.
In case there were...
loose ends.
-I see.
-Yes.
I know you do.
I see what you're doing.
I'm less clear why.
I now know Dembe gave Elizabeth
that letter before she died.
In the past two years,
I've never really asked any questions
about what happened.
And now you are.
My young friend, Tadashi,
will be coming in an hour.
I want you to...
give this to him.
I've asked him to hack into and pull
the phone's GPS history from that day.
That night.
Once I know where the killer went,
I'll know if there's more to the story.
If you look hard enough,
you'll find there's more to every story.
But that doesn't mean you should.
[cell phone buzzing]
It's your present
that demands your attention,
not your past.
You're right, Mierce.
But please give it to him anyway.
Harold.
Missed your call.
Sorry for the back-and-forth.
That's why I was calling, actually.
Back-and-forth.
What do you know
about professional tennis?
Sam Rhode.
Number eight in the world. Thirty-six.
He was playing the best tennis
of his career. Now he's dead.
There's rumors he was juicing.
Now we know.
Not according to Reddington.
The ME said Rhode OD'd
on a synthetic oxygen carrier
designed to increase stamina.
It gave him a heart attack instead.
ME's focused on how Rhode died, not why.
Reddington says the why involves this man,
Dr. Razmik Maier.
A German pharmacologist
whispered to be responsible
for keeping two generations
of world-class athletes
a step ahead of WADA.
Giving East Germans steroids
during the Cold War,
EPO to U.S. cyclists in the '90s,
and hemoglobin-based oxygen carriers
to the Russian Federation in 2014.
If Maier devoted his career
to helping athletes win,
and if they were his clients,
why would he suddenly want to kill one?
That's what his biggest client
wants him to do.
Who's bigger than the 8th ranked player?
[Raymond] The Boswell Syndicate.
A family-run sportsbook
catering to the decidedly criminal element
who are unable or unwilling
to satisfy their predilection
in the betting parlors of Vegas,
Macao or Monaco.
And Maier is in business with them?
Rumor has it the Boswells,
James and Junior,
pay Dr. Maier a significant fee
in exchange for inside information:
who's doping,
where they are in their cycle.
Insider information is one thing.
Murder's another.
Generation ago, the Boswells
controlled the nation's sportsbook.
Betting on sports has exploded since then.
Casinos. Online.
Three years ago,
the Supreme Court struck down laws
prohibiting states
from authorizing sports betting.
As a result, the Boswells' once hefty
profit margins all but evaporated.
To retain business, they cut their vig.
But their ability to survive an outcome
that exposed them to large losses
was terribly compromised.
So instead of putting
a finger on the scale,
I'm told they enlist their German friend
to put the full weight
of everything he knows on it.
Supposedly, Dr. Maier still provides
the Boswells inside information.
But in what Reddington says
are a few select cases,
he accidentally overdoses a player
whose performance might wipe them out.
Players like Sam Rhode
who were already working with Maier,
so it was easy to make
the murder look accidental.
Aram, review Reddington's theory
with the ME,
see if it holds up.
Ressler, Park, talk to Rhode's parents.
See if they know anything about Maier.
Reddington's gonna take the lead
with the Boswells and asked you to join.
-Did he say why?
-He did not.
Maybe he wants to talk about
the good old days?
So you went to visit Liz.
How was that?
It was good. Long overdue.
What I mean is,
I know you're still struggling,
and I'm hoping that going
to the cemetery...
-I'm hoping it helped.
-It did.
I thought it was gonna have
the opposite effect, but I'm good.
I'm--
The fancy word for it is "titrating."
I'm weaning myself off.
It's hard, but, uh...
the light at the end
of the proverbial tunnel?
I can see it now.
And I can see your face.
I'm glad you shaved.
I'll take it as a sign
you've got nothing to hide.
Ani, got a sec?
No. I don't. Definitely not for you.
-Any comment on Sam Rhode?
-I told you to stop contacting me.
Tell me what you know
before someone else accidentally dies.
I'm not gonna tell you again.
Leave me alone.
Or I will call the police.
Is winning that important to you?
That you'd cover for Maier?
I'm not gonna tell you again.
[Stella] Ani!
Ani, come on.
You have too many questions.
I know about the letter.
That you showed it to Elizabeth.
It made her happy.
And hours later she was dead.
All the more reason to have told her.
Unless telling her
is one of the reasons why she died.
What does that mean?
Hey.
Hey, Stella.
You got ten minutes to give me everything
on your doping story.
Ten minutes or the 20 milliliters of iron
I gave you will kill you.
You give me your notebooks,
your laptop, your passwords.
I give you adrenaline.
I get what I want.
And you get the antidote you need.
-[indistinct chatter]
-[telephones ringing]
Junior!
Right, on his shoes coming untied.
You! Go out!
Oh, dear.
I was hoping time would heal this wound.
We set the odds right, people
will bet on his hair lighting on fire.
Speaking of odds.
What are the odds you take
one more step, I blow your head off?
What's this?
Bartman.
That ball was destroyed.
Uh-huh. And the moon is made of ribs.
This doesn't make up
for Tannenbaum's disappearance.
The man was an alcoholic!
Plying him with mai tais
and getting him to place his money
on ships that would never come in
was not your finest moment.
Yes, my relocation of him
cost you some ill-gotten gain.
But now he's sober,
you have the Bartman ball.
Peace on earth, good will toward men.
-You got authentication?
-I do.
I'll give it to you
after you've heard me out.
Wakefield City starts in ten.
You got five.
It'll only take one.
Is the Wakefield game on the level?
As far as I know.
-Why?
-[Raymond] Junior.
This is Kenny Mills.
We're associates.
Or were, until we had a falling out
over a mutual friend.
After her death, he spiraled,
and like Tannenbaum, turned in sorrow
to your fine establishment.
Check your records.
He placed a $50,000 moneyline wager
on the Wakefield City match.
As a down payment on what I hope
will be our renewed friendship,
I promised Kenny I'd make sure you weren't
artificially sweetening the outcome.
You or Dr. Maier.
Maier?
I haven't heard from him in,
oh, at least two years.
Here I've heard you were working together.
You heard wrong.
Whatever he's doing, it's not for me.
Forgive my ignorance, but who's Bartman?
An innocent man wrongly accused.
His life gets ruined.
Then time heals.
People apologize.
Kind of like me and Red here.
Sounds like maybe you guys too?
Maybe. Maybe not.
Make sure you give me everything.
The truth will come out.
Perhaps.
But it won't be from you.
[groans]
[gasping]
We're very sorry for your loss.
We appreciate you speaking with us.
Thank you for saying that.
We're just, um--
[sobbing] Sorry.
It's too much.
Losing him. Then you telling us
he might've been killed.
-Who would do that?
-[door opens, then closes]
I'm sorry I'm late.
[Ken] No, please, come in.
This is our dear friend Walker Burgos.
My company sponsored Sam.
Athlanta, the shoes, right?
[Walker] And athletic wear.
But when I met Sam, it was just shoes.
He was our first endorsement.
Felt like a little brother of sorts.
This man's name is Razmik Maier.
We believe he provided
Sam with the drugs used to kill him.
Do you know him?
No.
[sobbing]
Let me get you some tissues.
Is your restroom this way?
-It is. Thanks.
-Thank you.
-Anything?
-[Walker] I know of him.
Everyone in my business does.
Anyone with any sense knows to stay away.
[ominous music playing]
Thank you.
You said you had reason
to believe all this?
Who gave you that reason?
Was it that reporter?
Reporter?
She's always asking questions,
making accusations.
Sam, he wouldn't jaywalk as a kid.
He was a rule-follower.
No way he'd be involved
with someone like that.
Reporter, do you know her name?
No idea.
We refused to talk to her.
Walker, help me out.
Sam told me about her.
Um, said she was a doctor of some sort.
Worked for medical journals.
Did pieces on health and fitness.
He said her name was Stella.
Stella Huang.
Is she trying to convince you
our boy used drugs to cheat?
[Park] We haven't spoken to Ms. Huang.
But if she knows anything
that can help us,
perhaps we should.
Do you have her number
or know where she works?
She could be in danger.
I don't. It's possible my office does.
Let me call.
-Thanks, Walker.
-[Walker] Yeah. Of course.
And if there's anything else
I can help with, feel free to call.
Stella Huang, FBI.
Ms. Huang.
[dramatic music playing]
I'm having trouble feeling a pulse.
[Ressler] Clear.
This is Special Agent Alina Park.
We need EMTs.
2440 Junior Terrace.
What is that?
-What are you talking about?
-Show me.
And if you say "what,"
I'll report you as a thief.
All right, you win.
Put it back.
I prefer the beard.
At least you were honest
about having something to hide.
Hang on, Stella. Help's coming.
Stella Huang died on her way to the ER.
-What do we know about her?
-[Dembe] Not much.
She was an MD who did health reporting.
Also had a sports medicine podcast.
When I asked Sam's parents about Maier,
they assumed I had spoken to Huang.
It was clear she'd figured out
there was a connection.
Maier was so good,
doping agencies couldn't catch him.
But Stella Huang did.
It makes sense he killed her.
-How do the Boswells fit into this?
-They don't.
Raymond was right.
They did work with Maier.
-That ended years ago.
-Maier acted alone?
If she had evidence Maier
was doping Sam Rhode,
whoever killed her took it.
Stella was drugged.
Not a PED, but it points to Maier.
I agree. She knew about his involvement,
so he silenced her.
But, uh, he didn't.
-Silence her.
-Was something in the apartment?
No. Or her clothes, or her car.
But there was something in her.
-In her?
-[Aram] Yeah. Like, inside her.
The ME found this flash drive
in her intestinal tract.
Can you extract any data?
Maybe. Give or take a little gastric acid.
Let us know.
Dembe, Ressler.
Go back to the family,
see if they can tell you more
about the connection
between Sam and Dr. Maier.
It was clear they didn't know much.
But there was someone who might.
Walker Burgos.
-The CEO of Athlanta?
-Yeah.
-How do you know about him?
-Uh, his company.
Last year, I signed up for a triathlon.
Didn't do it.
The whole peeing-while-riding-your-bike
thing was too intimidating.
But I got really into the idea
of running and bought sunglasses.
Those sunglasses.
The one Sam Rhode endorses
along with everything he's wearing.
Burgos said he spoke to Sam
about the reporter.
He offered to help us.
That's a generous offer.
Take him up on it.
Mind if I punt this to Aram and Dembe?
Alina's having another one
of her headaches.
-Wanna make sure she's okay.
-I'm sure she'll appreciate your concern.
[door opens]
-How's your headache?
-I don't have a headache.
I told Cooper I did
so I didn't have to be around you.
Look, I don't have an excuse.
But I do have an explanation.
I'm sure you do.
I'm sure you have a thousand explanations.
But not one that explains
how you could be such a dick.
You do know my marriage
is hanging by a thread.
That I got zapped by a weapon
that can kill through walls.
That I had a miscarriage.
But still,
I found the time to invest in you.
In your problem.
In trying to fix it.
Which is the last thing
I should have done.
Helping you cheat the drug test
so you wouldn't lose your job
like my mom lost hers.
She fell apart.
So I figured if I helped you...
you wouldn't.
Well, I'm done helping you.
If you don't help yourself,
I'll tell Cooper about the drug test.
You tell Cooper you helped me cheat,
you're gonna be
in as much trouble as I am.
That's right.
It's called taking responsibility.
Something you're clearly incapable of.
Shut the door on your way out.
[Sloan] Fast forward to 13:34.
Stop. Now play it from there.
The second you look away,
see what he does, the bartender.
Why?
I see it, but I still can't believe it.
Or understand it.
Our plan was to ID who did it,
then find out why.
Now we have a lead.
His name is Abel Judge.
Find him,
you're one step closer to finding out
who's threatening your life
and your livelihood.
Before we go further, I wanna thank you.
What's happened is unimaginable
and the attention you're giving it
means the world to me and my company.
We were talking about Stella Huang.
Sam talked to me about her.
She was alleging he worked with Maier.
-He denied it, but--
-You believe he was doping.
I do. At his age, what he was doing...
I should've said something.
But when he won, my company won,
so I didn't.
I have to live with that.
Not having the courage to speak out
against the doping that's such a cancer.
Apparently, Stella Huang
had the courage I lack.
What she was doing,
trying to expose Razmik Maier,
I admire her for that.
Know anyone Maier might be working with?
Any other athletes you sponsor?
I don't. I'm sorry.
You might not know,
but whoever's doing this does.
They stole Stella's notes and computer.
We'll need a list
of all the athletes you sponsor.
Of course. I can call the office now
and have them send the list over.
Thank you. We'll give you some privacy.
-When you're finished, we'll be outside.
-Thank you.
Hey, can I please get a list
of all the athletes we sponsor,
names and numbers?
Oh, also, um,
Ani Bolin, does she still live in Philly?
[speaking in Spanish]
Oh, no, no, no.
[Spanish music playing over speakers]
What's going on?
Cosecha Mayas, your favorite restaurant.
[in Spanish] Surprise!
Good to see you, Mierce.
[in Spanish]
Herman? What are you doing here?
Since we can't be in Flores,
I thought we'd bring it here.
[Herman in English] Raymond called,
said you missed home and my tamales.
Next thing I know,
a car shows up, takes me to the airport,
and here I am.
I'm missing some coriander.
Weecha can take you to the market.
Get whatever else you need.
I hope you're hungry.
I plan on making a feast.
You were so down this morning.
I'm hoping this will raise your spirits.
[in English] Tadashi left you this.
He said he found what you asked for.
The rest of the story.
You want to raise my spirits?
Don't look.
Nothing good will come from it.
Why does it bother you?
It's important to me, but it upsets you.
Why is that?
I appreciate what you did,
bringing Herman.
But I don't want us to be...
eating his food here.
I want us to be there.
The way we were.
You think that this prevents that.
I think it will.
If you open it.
[ominous music playing]
Burgos gave us a list of
the Athlanta athletes.
No one knows or is willing
to say anything about Maier.
Red was wrong about the Boswells.
Maybe he's wrong about Maier too.
What, there's another explanation
for why Stella Huang was killed?
We have a theory why she was killed,
not an explanation.
Maier killed her because he was
afraid of being exposed, being found out.
[Dembe] What about the tennis player?
You think that's reason
for Maier to kill an athlete
when he's devoted his life
to helping them?
[Park] I do. In my experience,
people will do anything
to hide what they're ashamed of.
Experience is one thing.
Facts are another.
At this point, we don't have any.
Okay, okay, okay.
The way she swallowed the flash drive?
First of all, wow, right?
Talk about dedication.
Based on where it was found
in her intestinal tract,
the ME says she swallowed it
five minutes before she died.
While her killer was destroying evidence,
she was hiding some.
You want evidence? Check this out.
Most of the information
was destroyed by her stomach acid.
Fun fact, did you know that acidity
is measured on a pH scale from zero to 14,
with stomach acid clocking in at a one,
just above battery acid?
-Were any of the files uncorrupted?
-Oh. Yeah. Right, right.
And they showed this:
-[Cooper] What do these tell us?
-[Park] That Maier was the killer.
-And he's not done killing.
-Who's the unsub?
Ani Bolin, a top middle-distance runner
and one of Athlanta's biggest stars.
During my flirtation with being
a triathlete, I studied her form.
Got obsessed with it, actually.
The length of her stride,
pounds-per-square-inch,
every time she pushed off.
Basically, the way she flies
was so depressingly impossible
for me to approximate that I decided
to stick with what I'm good at.
Cycling, right?
Orange sherbet.
Dembe, Park,
get Bolin's address and roll out.
Ressler, call Burgos. Have him contact
his athlete and get her to sit tight.
There have been two victims.
There isn't gonna be a third.
Mr. Burgos? Ressler.
I need you to reach out to Ani Bolin.
-Maier, he's targeting her, isn't he?
-He might be. That's why I'm calling.
Let her know there's nothing
to worry about. We're on our way.
I will. Thanks for the heads up.
[cell phone ringing]
-Hello?
-Ani, it's me. I just spoke to the FBI.
Thank God.
It's about time they get involved.
I don't wanna get caught,
but I don't wanna end up like Sam either.
-You won't end up like Sam.
-Or Stella.
She was a pain in the ass,
but, oh, my God.
Ani, listen to me. I told the FBI
I'd stay with you until they got here.
Here? What, are you in Philly?
I am. For a meeting
that involves you, actually.
I'm not interested in meetings.
I wanna know why this is happening.
Do you even know where Maier is?
No.
I haven't heard from him at all.
Just sit tight. Help is on the way.
[ominous music playing]
You're packing.
I want to go home.
I love you, but I'm afraid of this place.
What it does to you and to Weecha.
I can't watch what it's turning you into.
I want you, Mierce.
Yes.
And you want this.
Can't they co-exist?
In some people.
Not in you.
It consumes you.
It will be over soon.
It was over when we met.
I thought it was.
I was wrong.
You're better than this.
This should not define you.
You know what Elizabeth was to me,
who she was to me.
Yes.
Which is why I know you have to let go.
Not of her...
but of your anger.
Your need for revenge.
It's going to kill others.
I don't want it to kill you.
Please... let go.
Don't do it for me. Do it for you.
If I do that, will you stay?
I would.
But if I stay, you won't.
I should finish packing.
What the hell is going on?
Stella Huang found out about Maier,
started asking questions.
Maier got spooked,
started covering his tracks.
-By killing Sam and Stella? That's insane.
-It is. But he won't find you.
We're safe. I'll protect you.
Until the world finds out
I was one of his clients.
Everyone will know I was doping,
and there's no keeping me safe from that.
You don't have to worry.
You're the one who hooked me up with him.
You said my contract
was contingent upon results,
knowing that the only way I could get
those results was through Maier.
-You didn't like those results?
-I'm not--
The sub-four-minute 1500?
The prize money, the added attention?
You became famous, I sold more shoes.
The only difference is,
now he's coming after me, not you.
I told you, you don't have to worry.
You told me he's covering his tracks.
Sam, Stella, he got to them.
How can you be sure
he won't come for me too?
Because I am here,
and I won't let anything happen to you.
Okay?
Come here. Come here.
Is that Maier's bag?
You said you hadn't heard from him.
[grunting]
I'm afraid I lied about that.
[dramatic music playing]
-[Walker] Open up. It's me.
-[knocking on door]
Open up.
The FBI knows. Not everything, but enough.
They're coming to talk to her.
I bought us time, 30 minutes, no more.
I got everything, all her work.
Ani's the only one left who knows.
Ani...
and you.
What-- What are you doing?
The FBI asked me about you.
They know you're involved.
People have been after me for years.
The FBI will find out, and when they do,
they could find me,
and that's not gonna happen.
Let's go.
-Burgos--
-Move!
[knocking on door]
[Park] Miss Bolin? FBI!
Miss Bolin?
Miss Bolin? FBI!
Ani?
Tell me we're not too late.
Low pulse, loss of consciousness.
Okay, it's chloroform.
We're late, but not too late.
Call the paramedics.
I'm going after Maier.
This is Special Agent Aram Mojtabai
with the FBI.
We need a team at 32 Cottage Grove Ave--
Whoa! It's me, Walker.
I came as fast as I could.
-What happened?
-Maier. We came in, he went out.
Don't let him get away! Go! I'll call 911.
I called them.
The paramedics will be here.
-Go. Please.
-Okay, thank you.
[Ressler]
We've been going through Huang's files.
They weren't just photos.
There were documents, receipts.
She knew who Maier met with,
and who was paying for his work.
That's Maier with Walker Burgos.
These are e-mails and text threads,
proving that Maier was on Burgos' payroll,
that his supplies
and the facility he worked from
were paid out of an Athlanta
slush fund controlled by Burgos.
The reporter knew everything.
That Burgos paid Maier
to juice their athletes.
Publishing that would destroy Burgos.
Alert Park and Aram there's another
suspect to be on the lookout for.
Burgos is with her now. Anything?
No, which is weird.
The way the apartment looked,
I could've sworn
he couldn't have gotten far.
[cell phone ringing]
It's Ressler.
Ani should be fine, but Maier's gone.
It's not just Maier. It's Burgos.
They're working together.
-Say that again.
-Burgos played us.
Got us to tell him everything about Bolin.
Good thing you got there before him.
No, no, no. Oh, come on.
Aram, what is it? Did you copy?
[suspenseful music playing]
Drop it! Put it down.
Now!
[shouting]
It's over.
She's just running an errand.
She'll be right back.
Great. Just in time.
Herman, it looks delicious.
Have you looked?
We can talk about that later.
You looked.
I told Weecha to get a new bouquet
each week and put them in water.
After five days, send me a picture.
Depending on what they look like,
I'll know what to do for you.
How are you gonna leave?
Do you want me to drive you?
-[Mierce] I called a car.
-I'll drive you.
I prefer not.
I need you, Mierce.
I know, Raymond.
[poignant music playing]
[Aram] When I was a child,
my parents took me to Greece
to see the wonders of the world.
I slept through... Parthenon.
I was bored to tears at Thermopylae.
But when I got to Olympia
and saw the remains
of the first Olympic stadium,
I was overwhelmed.
If you're ramping up
to ask me a question, don't.
I'm not saying anything without a lawyer.
As a general rule, yes, questions
are part of interrogating a suspect.
But in your case,
our questions have been answered.
Then as I'm not interested
in your summer vacations,
-there's nothing to discuss.
-Sports predates math.
History began with writing,
and sports began 7000 years
before people learned to write.
Sports isn't just as old as man.
It is essential to mankind.
And you perverted it, you and Maier,
and everyone who takes something
so pure and elegant and fair...
and cheats.
Thanks, Lewis.
Yeah, we found your car.
And Maier, and all the evidence
you took from Stella Huang.
There is evidence here that shows
you were juicing 32 athletes.
See, you thought Stella Huang
only knew about Sam and Ani,
but she knew everything.
And now so do we.
Why don't you start from the beginning?
Going to the cemetery
made things harder, not easier.
If there was a light
at the end of the tunnel,
visiting Liz only made it harder to see.
When I put back the prescription pad,
I'd already torn off a page.
I used it to get these.
You can't do this alone,
weaning yourself off, titrating.
It's like handcuffing yourself
to your desk at night
just to keep from falling off the wagon.
You need help.
Help I can't give you
because I don't know how,
so when I try, I only make things worse.
I know you're going through a lot,
and I don't wanna add to your burdens,
but I'm asking you, please...
don't give up on me. Okay?
-[knocking on door]
-[door opens]
We executed the search warrant
on Athlanta.
And Ani Bolin, her doctors say
they expect her to recover.
This came for you, from Reddington.
Thanks.
Was I right? About why
he wanted you to work with him?
Was it about the good old days?
It was definitely about the old days.
Good, not so much.
Well, you did good work on this case.
You all did.
Thank you.
[ominous music playing]
[Raymond] That's where you told Elizabeth.
In a coffee shop.
Based on when I asked you
to give her the letter after I'm dead
and the time stamp on the photos,
it took you just over an hour
to betray me.
We already discussed this.
That I told her.
The photos came from Vandyke's phone.
I asked Tadashi to pull GPS coordinates
to see where Vandyke had gone
in the hours before he shot Elizabeth.
Tadashi found the coordinates,
but then he found these.
And, yes, the images only confirm
what you and I have already discussed.
What we haven't discussed,
what the photos really show,
is that the man who killed Elizabeth,
a man you knew,
was 20 feet from you, taking your picture.
And you were so intent on your betrayal...
that you missed him.
And in missing him,
you failed to protect both me and her.
How did Vandyke know
where we'd be that night?
How is it that he was
waiting for us at the restaurant?
No one knew we'd all be there,
except for Elizabeth, and you and me.
Yet there he was.
And now we know why.
Your job wasn't to tell my story
the way you wanted it told.
Whether or not you were
at peace with my decision
was irrelevant to what I hired you to do.
You had a job.
And for decades, you did it better
than anyone possibly could.
Until you didn't.
You could sense a threat a mile away.
But the biggest threat?
Standing 20 feet away?
You missed him.
And Elizabeth is dead because of that.
Elizabeth is dead for many reasons...
Pull over.
...but it looks like
that one of those reasons is me.
Get out.
♪ Tear it down ♪
♪ Bring the rotten tree ♪
♪ To the ground... ♪
Should we go home?
Do you think she'll come back?
Not unless your investigation
into Elizabeth's death is over.
Is it?
It's just beginning.
♪ All these apples
Bad as they can be ♪
♪ Blood in the soil ♪
♪ Better to see everything... ♪
[beeps, then line dialing]
[Park on voicemail] Hi, this is Alina.
Leave a message, and I'll call you back.
First, you don't make things worse.
You call me out, hold me responsible.
I need that.
I also need you to try to get
to work early tomorrow.
Doesn't matter what time, I'll be here.
Thank you.
♪ Pull it up ♪
♪ Rip it out ♪
♪ From the root ♪
♪ Got an ax in my hand
And the truth on my side ♪
♪ And I'm gonna swing it
For every tear that I cried ♪
♪ Your shade is darkness
It's no shelter for me ♪
♪ Rotten tree ♪
♪ Rotten tree... ♪
[phone ringing]
[man] Congratulations, Harold.
Now you have the blood
of two men on your hands.
Who are you?
Who is--?
[line disconnects]
♪ To the ground ♪
♪ Tear it down ♪
[theme music playing]